DAN (VOICEOVER): Since our return
to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online global, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy, let's do this.
All right, Bakugan Brawl!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Backed against the wall, you gotta give it your all.
Ah, ah. Ah, ah.
Ah, ah.
This is the final stand. Ah, ah.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
The whole point of your mission
was to convince the Battle Brawlers to join us.
What part of that was confusing to you?
Instead, they've now joined the Neathians.
You guys blew it.
Pathetic.
With the Brawlers on their side,
we no longer have the advantage we once did over the Neathians.
Your highness, I suggest a preemptive strike.
You took the words right out of my mouth, Gill.
Twelve Orders, all battalions, prepare to attack.
[alarm sounding]
[whooshing]
[music playing]
DAN (VOICEOVER): Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"The Sacred Orb.\"
Whoa.
Welcome to Neathia.
This is my home, you guys.
Isn't it beautiful?
DAN: Fabia, it's incredible.
- Wow. - Wow.
Unbelievable.
It's even more amazing inside.
JAKE: This is like, totally sick, dude.
Please let the queen know that we are here to see her.
Of course.
Whoa, she's really beautiful.
What did you expect?
She is my sister, after all.
Welcome, brothers.
I am Queen Serena.
I would like to thank you for joining
the fight to save our homeland.
My little sister speaks very highly of you all.
You're obviously very brave to come here without hesitation.
All Neathians are indebted to you, brave Battle Brawlers.
You don't owe us anything.
The Gundalians are a threat to the entire universe.
We've got as much at stake as you do.
We need to take back control of Bakugan Interspace.
We also need to free all of the children
that they've kidnapped from Earth.
And we need to stop them from using Bakugan as weapons.
That is an ironic statement, coming from you.
What do you mean?
Well, Dan, you'll be engaging in battle, which
means you too will be using your Bakugan as weapons,
like our enemies.
So how does that make you different from them?
They're not weapons to us.
The Bakugan are our partners in battle.
They're also our best friends.
It's true.
I am very happy to hear you say that.
We feel just the same as you do.
Fabia, take them to the sacred shrine.
They can be trusted.
Of course.
The sacred shrine?
What does that have to do with fighting the Gundalians, huh?
Just follow me.
I'll explain soon enough, OK?
[groans]
What's the matter?
Why are you stopping?
What is that, some kind of dragon?
Whatever it is, it's creepy.
I don't think we should go in there.
What's going on, Fabia?
Relax, it's just a gargoyle we use to scare people off
so they won't snoop.
We don't want to draw attention to the shrine's location.
Whoa, careful, guys.
I almost got a total soaker there.
It's OK, Dan.
What, Fabia, how are you walking on water?
Anyone who is pure of heart can walk on the surface
of this spring without sinking.
Interesting.
You mean crazy.
That totally defies physics.
It's another safeguard for the shrine.
Yeah, but it's still freaky.
Not feeling so pure of heart?
What are you talking about?
I'm as pure as they get.
Watch this.
I'll just do a little soft shoe here, and that should, uh--
Ha, yeah.
[laughs]
Ha ha!
Oh, you see I told you I could do it.
Woo-hoo!
Yes, and quite humble, too.
DAN: (SINGING) I am pure of heart.
I am pure of heart.
I am pure of--
Um, Fabia, what's that disco ball thingy up there?
It's the sacred orb, a revered object here on Neathia
and the origin of all Bakugan.
Inside, it contains the original DNA codes for each Bakugan.
Wow, the origin of all--
What, Akwimos?
Dude, this thing is the source.
Every part of me feels like it's tingling.
I know.
It's like there's this energy filling me up inside.
It's like I'm gonna burst but I've never felt so good.
I feel it too.
But behind it, there's a strange foreboding.
It's like I'm connected to the orb and it can sense danger.
I've never felt anything like this before.
FABIA: Barodius, the emperor of Gundalia
wants to get his hands on this so he can twist its powers
and use them for his own evil purposes.
I don't understand.
I thought you told us earlier that the Gundalians
were after the element.
The element is just a portion of the power
that is present inside the orb.
Barodius did want to possess it, but only
for the temporary advantage it would have provided
him in his battle against us.
But now that it has been absorbed by Drago,
there's no doubt he will set his sights on the orb.
I'm convinced that the orb has been
his original target all along.
If he manages to get his hands on it,
then he will not only possess its power,
but also the ability to control every Bakugan in existence,
since their DNA codes are contained within.
Don't worry, Fabia.
We're here now to help you fight.
So there's no way that's ever gonna happen, you hear me?
Yeah, not a chance.
You can count on us, princess.
OFFICER 1: The dimensional radar has
locked on to an unauthorized transport.
There's no response to any of our communications.
OFFICER 2: The analysis is complete.
It's a Gundalian.
OFFICER 3: There are six ships in total, sir.
OFFICER 1: Six ships?
OFFICER 2: Yes, and they're closing in.
[whooshing]
What would you like us to do with the Neathian prisoner,
sir?
Prisoner?
Ah, yes, Elright, he's useless.
Get rid of him.
COMMANDER: Yes, sir.
All ships, prepare for dimensional leap.
All battalions attack.
Show them no mercy.
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Pyrus Spidaro!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Pyrus Krakix!
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Aquos Megarus!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Aquos Lythirus!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Ventus Buz Hornix.
[screeching]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Ventus Strikeflier.
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Subterra Glotronoid!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Subterra Sabator!
[roaring]
ALL: Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Haos Ramdol!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Haos Lumagrowl!
[howling]
DAN (VOICEOVER): We gotta protect the orb, Drago.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Get ready to fight, brawlers.
What's that?
Defense alarm.
It's the perimeter.
The Gundalians are here.
Please hurry back.
[gunshots]
Ability activate, Brain Impact!
[explosions]
Ability activate, Deadly Inferno!
[exertion sounds]
[electricity crackling]
Ability activate, Durandal Cannon!
[laser fire]
Crush them, Strikeflier!
My pleasure.
Ability activate, Burst Mistral!
[exertion sounds]
[wind rushing]
Looks like this wimp has passed out again.
Time to wake up, Neathian scum!
Playing possum?
You coward.
[exertion sounds]
Ha, sweet dreams, cupcake.
[gunshots]
Ability activate, Arcadia Sword!
Ability activate, Acid Bath!
[screeching]
[laser fire]
[laughing]
[exertion sounds]
[roars]
Time to go to work, Dharak.
Destroy the second shield.
No problem.
I'll hit it with everything I've got.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Darkus Dharak!
[roars]
Ability activate, Darkness Waver!
[electricity crackling]
[whooshing]
All battalions, follow Dharak!
Oh no, they've destroyed the second shield.
No mercy!
Charge!
SHUN: Blaze Barnum!
[screams]
Who-- who are you?
Ability activate, Bolting Fang, Combat Slug Shot!
Come and get it!
[whooshing]
Captain Elright!
Huh?
Princess Fabia!
You escaped. Thank goodness.
I did.
Tell me, who are they?
They're the allies I recruited from Earth.
They're known as the Bakugan Battle
Brawlers, and their fierce.
They sure look like it.
Hello, Brawlers.
Who's next?
This is too easy.
Right here.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Subterra Coredem!
Who are you supposed to be?
Your worst nightmare, that's who.
Yeah, pummel this dude!
Just what I had in mind.
I'm going to make you eat your words, you tin can.
[exertion sounds]
This should be interesting.
Show us your best, Brawlers.
Battle gear ability activate, Gigarth Pointer!
Ride the wave!
Who's that?
I don't know, but he's a mean looking sucker.
Hey, kid, I like your battle gear.
Too bad we're going to have to destroy it.
[laughs]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan, stand!
Go, Haos Aranaut!
Time to throw these invaders out.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Haos Raptorix.
Well, well, who let you out of your cage, Elright?
Somebody is getting fired.
We are ready and willing to protect
the sacred orb with our lives.
This dude is huge.
Well, his suit of armor is.
Dan, look.
DAN: Huh?
Hey, are you Barodius?
You dare address your emperor that way?
But you're not my emperor, pal.
And you never will be, got it?
You'll pay for your hubris, boy, you both will.
Bring it on!
Ability activate, Thunder Probe!
[electricity crackling]
[yelling]
Ability activate, Spiral Pressure!
[whirring]
Spiral!
Really?
A water gun?
Ability activate, Megalo Thereia!
[screams]
Careful, he's tricky.
This one is quite impressive.
He doesn't look like much to me.
Smash him.
Very well then, ability activate, Multicam Effect.
Whoa, he's gone.
Don't worry.
I'll find him.
Be careful, Hawktor.
Huh?
Look out!
[groans]
Gotcha.
Stay strong, Coredem!
I've never seen Sabator so evenly matched before.
This is bad.
Ability activate, Mirage Up!
Ability activate, Fang Dome!
You think you're fast, do you?
Yeah, faster than you, doggy, and tougher.
I doubt that.
Ability activate, Hyat Spinner!
Ability activate, Deadly Inferno.
You OK, buddy?
I am fine.
So you're the one they call Drago?
That's right.
And who are you?
You're not worthy to hear my name.
What?
Once I take you down, you'll know exactly who I am,
you worthless lizard.
Ha!
Big words.
Come on, Drago, let's show him exactly how worthless we are.
I'm ready.
Let's do it.
Ability activate, Lumino Hammer!
Ability activate, Thunder Probe!
[yelling]
What?
What was that you said about taking me down?
What the!
Get ready to hurt, badly.
Don't make me laugh.
[tinkling]
[whooshing]
Huh?
What's happening?
The sacred orb is calling out.
This is weird, dude.
[suspenseful music]
What?
He just disappeared.
Did they disappear into the light?
What just happened?
Somebody tell me.
We are not exactly sure, sire, but it appears
that we were forcibly transported out of Neathia
by a very powerful energy.
But what would harness such a power?
Perhaps it was the element.
What do you think, Dharak?
Is it possible?
I'm not sure.
But it is interesting that the light appeared when Drago
and I got close to each other.
[fireworks popping]
Atten-hut!
I hereby appoint the Battle Brawlers
to the Order of Castle Knights.
Princess Fabia, are you sure about this?
Of course.
I am a Battle Brawler too now.
Hey.
I'm grateful for your help on the battlefield.
Thank you, Dan and Drago.
No need to thank us, Captain.
You're a good man, Dan Kuso.
I look forward to battling alongside you again.
Me too.
We both do.
Right, Drago?
Absolutely.
MARUCHO (VOICEOVER): When we got to Neathia,
we found out the Gundalians had destroyed the second shield.
But I had a plan to trick them into rebuilding.
Unfortunately, before I could get to it,
Ren's cronies showed up and started causing trouble again.
Luckily, we had the Castle Knights to back us
up and fight off their attack.
Jake ran some interference for me while I
tried to put the plan in place.
Things got pretty hectic.
You should check out all the action.
Bakugan brawl!
Let's go, Akwimos, we can do this.
Yeah, dude!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]